Update README and Documentation (#236)
macports/macports-webapp: README.md

 2. Fetches and displays build history of the ports.
 3. Collects and displays installation statistics (system configurations and installed ports) from users who opt-in by
    installing the port `mpstats`.

>  4. Allows to follow ports and receive notifications when a port gets updated.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
 4. Allows following ports and receiving notifications when a port gets updated.
```
?

    
It aims at being an all-one-place for users to find relevant ports and for maintainers to monitor their ports and
understand their user base. The app is running in production at [ports.macports.org](https://ports.macports.org).
 
More info at [docs/1-INFORMATION.md](docs/1-INTRODUCTION.md)
More info at [docs/INFORMATION.md](docs/INTRODUCTION.md)

### Architecture

The web application is based on the [Django Framework](http://djangoproject.com) utilising a PostgreSQL database.

The app is supposed to be deployed in a docker container with nginx and uWSGI serving the content.
The web application is based on:
 - [Django Framework](https://www.djangoproject.com)
 - [PostgreSQL Database](https://www.postgresql.org)
 - [Solr](https://lucene.apache.org/solr/)
 - [Memcached](http://memcached.org)
 
This web application has been implemented during the [Google Summer of Code 2019](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com) 
mentored by the [MacPorts](https://www.macports.org) organisation.

> **Student**: [Arjun Salyan](https://github.com/arjunsalyan) <br>

Reviewer: So you removed your name and kept `HISTORY.md` empty?

Author: I was simplifying the readme with all the information in separate links. But never really got to the point of finishing all the files. I hope to be able to do it soon.

Reviewer: I'm aware that the docs were not finished, and I don't expect them to be complete. It's just strange that you completely remove your name ;)
